NIP-88 WIP Nostr Cash (#627)
nostr-protocol/nips: 88.md

    timestamp: <integer timestamp>
```

User client cash wallet stores:

```
active:
    key: <string, derived private key/cash>, 
    amount: <integer BTC millisat denomination>, 
    relay: <string, relay ws address>,
    relaykey: <string, public-key of relay>,
    timestamp: <integer timestamp>

spent:
    key: <string, derived private key/cash>, 
    amount: <integer BTC millisat denomination>, 
    relay: <string, relay ws address>,
    relaykey: <string, public-key of relay>,
    timestamp: <integer timestamp> 
```

## Workflows

### Mint details 

**For fetching info about the mint.**

User DMs the relay:

```json
{
    "mint": <bool true>
}
```

Relay DMs user (maybe after a check if the relays mint has restricted access):

```json
{
    "title": <string mints title>,
    "description": <string mints description>,
    "liquiity": <integer optional public millisat balance of mint>,
    "type": <list different offered payment types bolt11 bolt12 onchain stripe paypal shitcoin etc>,
    "fee": <integer millisat fee for internal nostr payments>,
}
```

### Minting

**For creating new cash from a mint.**

User DMs the relay:

```json
{
  "amount": <integer millisats>
}
```

> Relay responds with payment request, which user pays:

Reviewer: Should use [NIP-15 payment_options](https://github.com/nostr-protocol/nips/blob/master/15.md#step-2-merchant-request-payment-event) for consistency

Author: Yes! Great

NIP-88
======

Nostr Cash (simple Nostr cash/token/cheque)
-----------------------------------

`draft` `optional` `author:benarc`

Electronic cash is useful and relays should have the option to offer minting/custodial services. Other mints could exist as stand-alone clients, but relays are ideally placed to package in with their service offerings.

Nostr Cash is simple and flexible. User gives a mint some money and the mint issues the user electromic cash/cheque/token that can be used as money in nostr.

Nostr Cash is entirely custodial and trust based, and is just a common standard for users to send/receive value in nostr. Keeping mints simple means more users can run, for themselves, their family, or the whole world.

Relays offering mints must have a keypair and an additional nostr keypair for its mint.

> Nostr Cash uses derived keys, much like [NIP26](https://github.com/nostr-protocol/nips/blob/master/26.md). Each "cash" is actually just a derived private key that can be burned or passed to another user.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Nostr Cash uses derived keys, much like [NIP06](https://github.com/nostr-protocol/nips/blob/master/06.md). Each "cash" is actually just a derived private key that can be burned or passed to another user.
```
26 -> 06
